# Image Segmentaion for yeast cells using U-net
* Team name: **DayDreamers_WXY**
- Wei Jiang: wei.jiang@epfl.ch
- Xiaoyu Lin: xiaoyu.lin@epfl.ch
- Yao Di: yao.di@epfl.ch

## Methond Description
This is an implementation of U-net method for yeast cell image segmentation. The model generates segmentation masks for each instance of yeast cell in the image. The source of this implementation is given by: https://github.com/milesial/Pytorch-UNet

## Instruction
### Requirements
- python 3.7, pytorch 1.3.1(since the code is writen in GPU please install the GPU version.
- other common packages listed in requirements.txt

### Folders and Files
  - `metric.py`: contains evaluation metric for quality measurement
  - `train.py`: run this file to train the model on GPU
  - `test.py`: run this file to apply the trained model to given image files in `testset\` and save the generated mask in `test_mask.tif`
  - `validation.py`: condtains evaluation function for validation process
  - `util_pred(_cpu).py`: condtains some utility function for prediction.
  - `tile_helpers(_cpu).py`: condtains tile function and untile function.
  - `segment`: contains watershed function for labeling
  - `model.pkl`: contains models generated by `train.py`
  - `dataset.py`: contains all the dataset for training, validation.
  - `unet.py`: contains structure of U-net model.
  - `unet_part.py`: contains some detail implementation in U-net model.
  - `split_image.py`: split image for a input image series to single images
If you want to run train.py please add data under './data/frame/' and './data/mask/' respectively. For example, './data/frame/Denis_Joly_ADH1_27.1_frames.tif'
  
## Getting Started

- Place datasets in the corresponding folders
- Run `train.py` train the model according to given dataset
- Run `test.py` to get the mask of input frame
